[LLZK-440] use `llzk-tblgen` to generate much of the C API (#213)
Veridise/llzk-lib: include/llzk/Dialect/Polymorphic/IR/CMakeLists.txt

set(LLVM_TARGET_DEFINITIONS "Dialect.td")
mlir_tablegen(Dialect.h.inc -gen-dialect-decls -dialect=poly)
mlir_tablegen(Dialect.cpp.inc -gen-dialect-defs -dialect=poly)
llzk_tablegen(Dialect.capi.test.cpp.inc -gen-dialect-capi-tests -prefix=llzk -dialect=poly)

set(LLVM_TARGET_DEFINITIONS "Types.td")
mlir_tablegen(Types.h.inc -gen-typedef-decls -typedefs-dialect=poly)
mlir_tablegen(Types.cpp.inc -gen-typedef-defs -typedefs-dialect=poly)
# Skip generating attribute getters for types because TypeVarType can be created from either a StringAttr

> # or a FlatSymbolRefAttr which are both MlirAttribute in C API so they must be hanlded together manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# or a FlatSymbolRefAttr, which are both MlirAttribute in the C API, so they must be handled together manually.
```
